# Vision Statement

## Summary
Fair Price is an application that will be used for the basic purpose of buying and selling goods. The application is available throughout the nation, and people will be able to see products by using a “location” filter. In the application, users as sellers will be able to post an advertisement of a product, accompanying the price, images, description, offer price by the seller, general chat area, for that particular item. 
## Audience
The application is designed for those wanting to buy or sell items which are listed on the platform, the item can be either used or a new one. Sellers can advertise their items, and connect with those who are interested in buying them. Buyers can browse the posts in their area (city), and reach out to the seller through the app using a general chat feature. 
## Description
The application will include a collection of items, for instance, all the products will be organized based on the location (alphabetical order within), description and category (at first there will be options like furniture, electronics, home appliances etc. then after specifying it they can see all the products related to that class). The restriction will be that users must have an account in order to be able to bid on the price offered by the seller, and only registered users will be able to participate in general chat.
## Value (why we are different from our competitor )
The app solves the need of allowing people to sell off their used items. The Fair Price system will give the user the best price they can get for their product by the help of “BIDS” feature. There are two available options for the seller:
Allow buyers to bid on the base price
No auction, buyers directly negotiate with the seller
While browsing items on the app, users can save any item they find interesting and can look back on it later in the “favorite” section. For every post there will be a general chat area where people can chat about the product.
Through this application buyers and sellers will be able to get the best price for their item. 
## Success Criteria
 The application’s success will ultimately be measured by the customer acquisition. The second metric will be the number of goods sold throughout the platform. The earnings will be mostly from the spread, and the promotions. Accompanying will be the revenue generated by the products sold, which is a direct consequence of the cumulative spread on all the items. Another metric would be the number of users promoting their product, times the average number of products advertised by each individual (account), times the number of days it was being advertised for (each day there is a fixed price, referred to as fees per hundred views for listing).
